# Map OSM key-value pairs to filenames from the SJJB icon set.
# Original icon set is available from http://www.sjjb.co.uk/mapicons/introduction.
#
#
# prefix of png-file                osm key         osm value

accommodation/alpinehut             tourism         alpine_hut
accommodation/bed_and_breakfast2    
accommodation/bed_and_breakfast     guest_house     bed_and_breakfast
accommodation/camping               tourism         camp_site
accommodation/caravan_park          tourism         caravan_site
accommodation/chalet2                 
accommodation/chalet                tourism         chalet
accommodation/hostel                tourism         hostel
accommodation/hotel2
accommodation/hotel                 tourism         hotel
accommodation/motel                 tourism         motel
accommodation/shelter2                                             
accommodation/shelter               amenity         shelter
accommodation/youth_hostel
amenity/bench                       amenity         bench
amenity/court                       amenity         courthouse
amenity/firestation2
amenity/firestation3
amenity/firestation                 amenity         fire_station
amenity/fountain2
amenity/fountain                    amenity         fountain
amenity/library2
amenity/library                     amenity         library
amenity/playground                  leisure         playground
amenity/police2                   
amenity/police                      amenity         police   
amenity/post_box                    amenity         post_box
amenity/post_office                 amenity         post_office
amenity/prison                      amenity         prison
amenity/public_building2
amenity/public_building             building        public
amenity/recycling                   amenity         recycling
amenity/survey_point                man_made        survey_point
amenity/telephone                   amenity         telephone
amenity/toilets_disabled            toilets:wheelchair  yes
amenity/toilets_men
amenity/toilets                     amenity         toilets
amenity/toilets_women
amenity/town_hall2
amenity/town_hall                   amenity         townhall
amenity/waste_bin                   amenity         waste_disposal
barrier/blocks                      barrier         block
barrier/bollard                     barrier         bollard
barrier/cattle_grid                 barrier         cattle_grid
barrier/cycle_barrier               barrier         cycle_barrier
barrier/entrance                    barrier         entrance
barrier/exit                        
barrier/gate                        barrier         gate
barrier/kissing_gate                barrier         kissing_gate
barrier/lift_gate                   barrier         list_gate
barrier/steps                        
barrier/stile
barrier/toll_booth
education/college                   amenity         college
education/college_vocational        
education/nursery2
education/nursery3
education/nursery                   amenity         kindergarten
education/school                    amenity         school
education/school_primary
education/school_secondary
education/university                amenity         university
food/bar                            amenity         bar
food/biergarten                     amenity         biergarten
food/cafe                           amenity         cafe
food/drinkingtap                    amenity         drinking_water
food/fastfood2 
food/fastfood                       amenity         fast_food
food/fastfood_pizza
food/ice_cream                      amenity         ice_cream
food/pizza
food/pub                            amenity         pub
food/restaurant                     amenity         restaurant
health/dentist                      amenity         dentist
health/doctors2                     
health/doctors                      amenity         doctors
health/hospital_emergency2
health/hospital_emergency           emergency       yes
health/hospital                     amenity         hospital
health/opticians                    shop            optician       
health/opticians                    craft           optician
health/pharmacy_dispencing          amenity         pharmacy
health/pharmacy                     shop            chemist
health/veterinary                   amenity         veterinary
landuse/coniferous_and_deciduous    leaf_type       mixed
landuse/coniferous                  leaf_type       needleleaved
landuse/deciduous                   leaf_type       broadleaved
landuse/grass                       landuse         grass
landuse/hills                       landuse         bare_rock
landuse/quary
landuse/scrub
landuse/swamp                       natural         wetland
money/atm2
money/atm                           amenity         atm
money/bank2
money/bank                          amenity         bank
money/currency_exchange             amenity         bureau_de_change
place_of_worship/bahai3
place_of_worship/bahai              religion        bahai
place_of_worship/buddhist3
place_of_worship/buddhist           religion        buddhist
place_of_worship/christian3 
place_of_worship/christian          religion        christian
place_of_worship/hindu3
place_of_worship/hindu              religion        hindu
place_of_worship/islamic3           religion        islamic
place_of_worship/islamic
place_of_worship/jain3
place_of_worship/jain               religion        jain
place_of_worship/jewish3
place_of_worship/jewish             religion        jewish
place_of_worship/shinto3
place_of_worship/shinto             religion        shinto
place_of_worship/sikh3 
place_of_worship/sikh               religion        sikh
place_of_worship/unknown3
place_of_worship/unknown            amenity         place_of_worship
poi/boundary_administrative         boundary        administrative
poi/cave                            natural         cave_entrance
poi/crane                           man_made        crane
poi/embassy2
poi/embassy                         amenity         embassy
poi/military_bunker                 building        bunker
poi/military_bunker                 military        bunker
poi/mine_abandoned
poi/mine
poi/mountain_pass                   mountain_pass   yes
poi/peak2
poi/peak                            natural         peak
poi/place_city                      place           city
poi/place_hamlet                    place           hamlet
poi/place_suburb                    place           suburb
poi/place_town                      place           town
poi/place_village                   place           village
poi/point_of_interest               
poi/tower_communications            tower:type      communication
poi/tower_lookout                   tower:type      observation
poi/tower_power                     power           tower
poi/tower_water                     man_made        water_tower
power/station_coal                  generator:source coal
power/station_gas                   generator:source gas
power/station_solar                 generator:source solar
power/station_water                 generator:source hydro
power/station_wind                  generator:source wind
power/substation                    power           substation
power/tower_high2
power/tower_high
power/tower_low                     power           pole
power/transformer                   power           transformer
shopping/alcohol                    shop            alkohol
shopping/bakery                     shop            bakery
shopping/bicycle                    shop            bicycle
shopping/book                       shop            books
shopping/butcher2 
shopping/butcher                    shop            butcher
shopping/car                        shop            car
shopping/car_repair                 shop            car_repair
shopping/clothes                    shop            clothes
shopping/computer                   shop            computer
shopping/confectionery              shop            confectionery
shopping/convenience                shop            convenience
shopping/copyshop                   shop            copyshop
shopping/department_store           shop            department_store
shopping/diy                        shop            diy
shopping/estateagent2               
shopping/estateagent3   
shopping/estateagent                shop            estateagent
shopping/fish                       shop            fish
shopping/florist                    shop            florist
shopping/garden_centre              shop            garden_centre
shopping/gift                       shop            gift
shopping/greengrocer                shop            greengrocer
shopping/hairdresser                shop            hairdresser
shopping/hearing_aids               shop            hearing_aids
shopping/hifi                       shop            hifi
shopping/jewelry2
shopping/jewelry                    shop            jewelry
shopping/kiosk                      shop            kiosk
shopping/laundrette                 shop            laundrette
shopping/marketplace                shop            marketplace
shopping/mobile_phone               shop            mobile_phone
shopping/motorcycle                 shop            motorcycle
shopping/music                      shop            music
shopping/newspaper                  shop            newspaper
shopping/pet2
shopping/pet                        shop            pet
shopping/photo                      shop            photo
shopping/supermarket                shop            supermarket
shopping/tackle                     shop            tackle
shopping/tobacco                    shop            tobacco
shopping/toys                       shop            toys
shopping/vending_machine            shop            vending_machine
shopping/video_rental               shop            video_rental
sport/archery                       sport           archery                                              
sport/baseball                      sport           baseball
sport/canoe                         sport           canoe
sport/cricket                       sport           cricket
sport/diving                        sport           scuba_diving
sport/golf                          sport           golf
sport/gymnasium2
sport/gymnasium                     sport           gymnastics
sport/gym                           sport           fitness         
sport/hillclimbing                  sport           climbing
sport/horse_racing                  sport           horse_racing
sport/iceskating                    sport           ice_skating
sport/jetski                        sport           water_ski 
sport/leisure_centre                leisure         sports_centre
sport/minature_golf                 leisure         minature_golf           
sport/motorracing                   sport           motor
sport/playground                    leisure         playground
sport/sailing                       sport           sailing
sport/shooting                      sport           shooting
sport/skiing_crosscountry           piste:type      nordic
sport/skiing_downhill               piste:type      downhill
sport/snooker                       sport           billiard
sport/soccer                        sport           soccer
sport/stadium                       leisure         stadium
sport/swimming_indoor               leisure         swimming_pool
sport/swimming_outdoor              amenity         swimming_pool
sport/swimming_outdoor              sport           swimming_pool
sport/tennis                        sport           tennis
sport/windsurfing                   sport           surfing
tourist/archaeological2
tourist/archaeological              historic        archaeological_site
tourist/art_gallery2
tourist/art_gallery                 tourism        gallery
tourist/attraction                  tourism        attraction
tourist/battlefield                 historic       battlefield
tourist/beach                       natural        beach
tourist/casino                      amenity        casino
tourist/castle2
tourist/castle                      historic       castle
tourist/cinema2
tourist/cinema                      amenity        cinema
tourist/clock                       amenity        clock
tourist/fountain                    amenity        fountain
tourist/guidepost                   information    guidepost
tourist/information                 tourism        information
tourist/map                         information    map
tourist/memorial                    historic       memorial
tourist/monument                    historic       monument
tourist/museum                      tourism        museum
tourist/picnic                      tourism        picnic_site
tourist/ruin                        historic       ruin
tourist/steam_train                 historic       locomotive
tourist/theatre                     amenity        theatre
tourist/theme_park                  tourism        theme_park
tourist/view_point                  tourism        viewpoint
tourist/waterwheel                  man_made       watermill
tourist/wayside_cross               historic       wayside_cross
tourist/wayside_cross               man_made       cross
tourist/wayside_shrine              historic       wayside_shrine
tourist/windmill                    man_made       windmill
tourist/wreck                       historic       wreck
tourist/zoo                         tourism        zoo
transport/aerodrome2
transport/aerodrome                 aeroway        aerodrome
transport/airport2
transport/airport_gate              aeroway        gate
transport/airport                   
transport/airport_terminal          aeroway        terminal
transport/bus_station               public_transport    station           
transport/bus_stop2
transport/bus_stop                  public_transport    stop_position
transport/car_share                 amenity             car_sharing
transport/emergency_phone           emergency           phone
transport/ford                      highway             ford
transport/fuel_lpg                  fuel:lpg            yes
transport/fuel                      amenity             fuel
transport/helicopter                
transport/helicopter_pad            aeroway             helipad
transport/lighthouse                man_made            lighthouse

transport/marina                    leisure             marina
transport/marina                    landuse             harbour
transport/marina                    harbour             yes

transport/miniroundabout_anticlockwise
transport/miniroundabout_clockwise
transport/parking_bicycle           amenity             bicycle_parking
transport/parking_car               amenity             parking
transport/parking_car_paid          
transport/parking_disabled
transport/parking
transport/parking_private2
transport/parking_private3
transport/parking_private
transport/port
transport/rental_bicycle            amenity              bicycle_rental 
transport/rental_car                amenity              car_rental
transport/roundabout_anticlockwise
transport/roundabout_clockwise
transport/slipway                   leisure              slipway
transport/speedbump                 
transport/subway                    railway              subway
transport/taxi_rank                 amenity              taxi
transport/traffic_lights
transport/train_station2
transport/train_station             railway              station
transport/tram_stop
transport/turning_circle
transport/walking
transport/zebra_crossing
water/dam
water/tower
water/weir

